[Music]
this
is my house it's not big and it's not
small
but i like it three people live here
this is matt hi i'm matt
this is david hello my name's david
and that's me hi helen pleased to meet
you so there are three people
but there are four bedrooms so today is
interview day
what's your job i'm a jazz musician
really what do you play the drums
but he's very quiet
and friendly
no dogs
sorry
150 pounds a month
great no
150 pounds a week
sorry
where are you from edinburgh but my
job's in oxford
good this is a nice house
thanks we're happy here
okay
okay auntie get it
i don't smoke
we don't smoke do we
uh no we don't smoke
oh sorry
this is terrible
who's next her name's jane
she's number eight she's the last
so jane tell us about yourself
tell you what anything
i'm from brighton i'm a drama teacher
i don't smoke i like films
good food good food yeah
italian french chinese
do you cook yes i'm a very good cook
do you have a dog no cat
no no animals do you play the drums
no the trombone violin
saxophone nothing
that's great jane it's your room
fantastic when can you move in
next week this week
tomorrow sure
welcome to 53 blackwood road thank you
thanks a lot
[Music]
so now there are four of us
there are four people in the house now
and i'm very happy
and jane well we all like her
morning everybody
what's this it's a video film
about my new house and my new housemates
it's for my sister alison
oh right is it okay
yeah sure
okay ally this is the kitchen
and who is this
say something say what it's half past
seven in the morning
talk to my sister introduce yourself
go on david hello
i'm david
i come from manchester i'm a lawyer
i work in oxfords that's it
what things do you like
i like my job
i like football swimming i
like a quiet breakfast and i don't like
video cameras
and i start work at eight o'clock so bye
bye
david's nice really
ready just a minute
ready hello my name's helen i come from
london
but i live in oxford what else
what do you do i'm a marketing assistant
for a publishing company
i work in oxford but i sometimes go to
the london office
i usually go to work at eight o'clock
and i get home at half past six
is it a good job it's a very good job
i really like it what else do i like
i also like good food films i go to the
gym at the weekend
oh and i like travel i love france and
spain
i speak a little french and spanish
what things don't you like
well i don't like noise
oh and i don't like cigarettes
great you're welcome
where's i matt matthew's still in bed
matt
[Music]
matt it's jane
can i come in
[Music]
matt do you want to be in a film for my
sister
just say something where are you from
matt where are you from
birmingham he's from birmingham
what about your job shop manager
he's a shop manager he works in a
computer game store
he likes computer games
matt do you like computer games
and he likes rock music
and he loves his bed
matt what time do you usually get up
half past seven it's eight o'clock
it's wednesday i start work at one
o'clock on wednesdays
[Music]
matt
it's tuesday
[Music]
a perfect start to a perfect day for
matthew
my room it's big it's comfortable
but i don't know the walls
this chair everything
move the bed where
how about under the window
put the hi-fi on the chest of drawers
put the chair
in the corner i don't know
why don't you paint it paint what
paint the room
i don't know i'm not very practical
i don't like painting i'm always too
busy i don't really have time today
i have a lunch appointment at one
o'clock it's impossible
can we do it for you
really yes
yeah are you sure
of course we sure what about the color
oh i don't know
something nice
now don't worry you go out enjoy your
lunch
and leave it with us thank you
okay let's go and buy some paint
matt do you want to come yeah
do you want to get dressed oh right
how about this black
there are some really nice colors here
oh
look this is lovely how much is it
16 pounds 49 gosh that's expensive
hey matt this is the same color as your
t-shirt
it's gorgeous what do you think yeah i
like it how much is it
11 pounds 99 how many do we want
two that's 23.98 24 pounds
it's okay
now are there any rollers uh there are
some over there
[Music]
[Applause]
what do you think it looks great i love
it
looks interesting
but good i like it
[Music]
[Applause]
so
finished yep thanks
i really like this color me too the room
looks great
here she is hello hi
helen we're up here
can i go in yep
welcome to your new bedroom oh matt
your t-shirt what the color it's
horrible
next time helen don't ask for help
do it yourself
this is how it started
[Music]
another exciting evening at 53 blackwood
road
hi julia how are you
yeah sure
when's your birthday the 4th of august
that's leo you're a lion
what's wrong nothing
what about you my birthday's the 16th of
march
i'm a pisces the fish
what's the horoscope sign for this month
may the first part is taurus
the bull so james bull
is jane's birthday this month when
the 13th
the 13th of may it's the 11th of may
today
that's in two days are you sure that's
what she said
did you hear no
it's jane's birthday on saturday
why don't we have a party in two days
yeah a surprise party good idea
right how many people
just the four of us meal
the cake something to drink
presents okay
let's make a shopping list
[Music]
i've got it
let's see it
that looks great where did you get it ow
i bought it at pascal's you know next to
the bank
how much was it it was 15 pounds
did you get the candles
you didn't get the candles i did
thank you when does jane get home
usually at half past
six after her game of tennis
in about 20 minutes oh no
she's early david help me with this cake
matt don't let her come into the kitchen
oh
talk to her two minutes what do you want
me to talk about
anything
[Music]
[Applause]
hi jane hi matt
it let me thanks
did you have a nice day uh yes
what did you do i went shopping what did
you buy
i bought a t-shirt and some shoes
and i bought some food
matt are you okay
else did you do i played tennis
where at the sports centre
i had a good day did you i got up at
about
uh oh that's 11 o'clock
uh and then i had breakfast i had corn
flakes and i had
toast and coffee and orange juice
and then i watched television and then
matt
please move now
[Music]
[Applause]
happy birthday
it's not your birthday
matthew but you said it was the 13th of
may
the 30th of may matt not the 13th
then what do we do with all this food
and drink
we can still have a party
then what about the 30th we can have a
party then too
sure great two parties
but only one present yeah uh david
what really
[Music]
so that was the surprise party a real
surprise
for everyone
[Music]
are you free this evening for emilia
you are that's fantastic it's david's
new friend on the phone
i think he really likes her brilliant
it sounds very exciting see you at 7 30.
bye david has a date
when tonight what's her name
julia julia when did you meet her
two weeks ago do you mind what is it
tonight then
cinema theater opera
a burger a restaurant
which one hong kong house it's chinese
it's very good it's very cheap it's very
good
well i hope you and julia julia
have a great time i'll come with you
have a nice evening
bye then fun
[Music]
this is it oh chinese
um i had a chinese meal yesterday can we
go somewhere else
where would you like to go i love
italian food is there an italian
restaurant near here
i don't know yes there is marcos it's
about five minutes away
marcos oh yes but that's what's the
problem
nothing come on
it's really lovely here thanks david
don't mention it
you know i can speak italian just a
little can you
i can't speak any languages say
something to him
good evening sir madam go on
um
perfect
sorry can you speak more slowly please
would you like to see the whiteness turn
[Music]
[Applause]
what would you like to start the soup
looks nice i think i'd like the truffles
okay the truffles and can i have the
soup please
sir truffles
and the soup for the main course
i'd like the lobster
and i'd like the roast chicken to drink
how about a bottle of champagne
sir the champagne
yes a bottle of champagne
[Music]
it's hard work but i like my job it's
very interesting
and i like playing sports at weekends
football
tennis
and i like reading books
magazines really this
is delicious
[Music]
can we have the bill please certainly
sir
so
thank you very much sir
what time is your train half past 10.
how about 10 it's helped us 10 now oh
dear
can you ring for a taxi a taxi
okay
thanks for a wonderful evening don't
mention it
good night
how much is it so far 19 pounds 57
but i only have 20 pounds do you take
credit cards
visa american express
a check sorry i only take cash sir
thank you very much indeed sir good
night
[Music]
thanks very much so that was david's
date with julia
he got home in time for breakfast
we're all cleaning the house today we
don't clean it every saturday
but today is different jane's sister is
coming to visit
what does your sister do she's a student
what's she studying film studies
gosh that sounds interesting
there finished actually there's uh
oh
what time is she arriving 2 30.
i'm going to my yoga class and then i'm
meeting her at the station
hello can you turn that off
what can you turn that off
what did you say never mind hello hello
can i speak to jane please
certainly who's calling it's alison her
sister
just a moment jane it's your sister
why is she calling now it's only 12
o'clock
hello ali where are you hi
jane i'm at the station but you're two
and a half hours early
i know i got the first train ali
i can't meet you i have a yoga class at
half past 12.
that's okay i can come to your house by
bus no
it's too difficult hold on
can anybody meet my sister my yoga class
starts in 20 minutes
i can i can i can please
i hate cleaning okay
hello ali matt can meet you
there's a cafe near the station the rose
cafe why don't you wait there
okay can you meet ali at the rose cafe
sure what does she look like hold on
ally
she's quite tall and she has long dark
brown hair
what's she wearing hello ali
what are you wearing i'm wearing a cream
coat and a black sweater
she's wearing a cream coat and a black
sweater
sorry hold on
how long about 15 minutes
about 15 minutes and
see you later bye
[Applause]
[Music]
so
foreign
[Music]
[Applause]
sorry sorry sorry
hello jane it's alison where is he
isn't he there
what does he look like he has dark hair
and a beard hang on is he wearing a
black leather jacket and black jeans
it's okay he's here see you later bye
bye
sorry sorry sorry
just go away sorry i think that's a
mistake matt i'm allison nice to meet
you oh i'm so sorry
hi i thought okay um let's go
sorry about that
[Music]
sorry i was late i got a flat tire no
problem the car's just around the corner
what's the matter why are you carrying
that bag it's your
bag isn't it no then who
he's wearing black jeans and a black
leather jacket
yes and he's carrying my bag
[Music]
we met alison that afternoon
sorry that evening after matt's
conversation with the police
number one we have cucumber
cucumber cucumber number two
carrots carrots number three
celery celery number four
cabbage remember g e here
we say cabbage cabbage
number five lettuce lettuce
remember c e at the ends and we
pronounced
lettuce lettuce this one
spinach remember ch at the ends and then
we pronounced
spinach number seven
radish radish number eight
beetroot beetroot uh for
american english we should say beets
beet
for british english we say beetroot
okay beetroot beets
or beetroot the same now
number nine chili pepper chili pepper
chili pepper you can write
one l or double l the same okay
chili pepper chili pepper
number 10 bell pepper bell pepper
number 11 tomato tomato
tomato for american english for british
english you can say
tomato tomato okay
potato potato number 13
we have broccoli
remember broccoli broccoli
number 14 kali cauliflower
remember flour here don't say
cauliflower
cauliflower cauliflower
cauliflower the same vegetables but
broccoli green color
and cauli cauliflower
the white color okay broccoli
cauliflower number 15
green bean green bean remember guru
guru green bean green bean
p p green bean is the long one
and green and sorry and p is the small
red one okay
uh green bean pea
mushroom mushroom remember
sure mushroom mushroom
or you can say mushroom long oh they say
mushroom number 18 asparagus
asparagus asparagus
remember here okay
asparagus number 19
rt choke artichoke
ch artichoke you can say rt
choke or artichoke okay the tea that is
not stressed
the same rt truck or artichoke
number 20 egg plants eggplants
for american english we say eggplant
and for british english people say
long are eggplant eggplant
okay 21
pumpkin pumpkin number 22
zucchini um
this one is okay zucchini
zucchini number 23
sweet remember sweet
sweet potato sweet potato
24 corn corn
or maize corn usually for american
english and british english people
say may okay corn or maize